# Junior Honours Project 2021-2022 - Deliverable 1

Deadline: Monday 11th October, 9pm

## Project Summary

This year's project is to create a platform for distributed coding journals
which will publish a peer-reviewed code. Elements of such platform include:

- Multiple servers hosting different "coding journals"
- Ability of a user to access all journals of the federation with a single
  account, but have different roles in each journal (author, reviewer, editor,
  administrator, etc.)
- Ability to migrate submissions between coding journals

The platform should target publishing research software (i.e. any software used 
to generate, process or analyse results intended to appear in a publication). It
will bring together code review and academic publishing. Unlike some newly 
emerged journals reviewing meta-papers on research software (such as e.g.
JOSS <https://joss.theoj.org/>, JORS <https://openresearchsoftware.metajnl.com/>,
JSAG <https://msp.org/jsag/>), the new platform will be focused on reviewing the
code itself.

For more details, see the orientation week briefing:

- slides: <https://studres.cs.st-andrews.ac.uk/CS3099/Lectures/CS3099-Briefing.pdf>
- video: <https://st-andrews.cloud.panopto.eu/Panopto/Pages/Viewer.aspx?id=00d89e0d-c1bb-467f-a0c0-ada200f750d3> 

At the end of Semester 1, you will be expected to have an implementation which
supports the basic features of the platform for distributed coding journals, 
including:

* Ability to register users
* Posting new source code files (in plain text format)
* Posting comments on source code files
* A simple, web-based user interface (don't worry about quality for the
  initial submission, it just needs to be usable)
* A description of a protocol for sharing user information and migrating
  content between coding journals

## Requirements for Deliverable 1

The purpose of the first deliverable is to provide a plan for your group’s JH
project. This should include (but is not limited to):

* A "big picture" discussion of the functionality you require, and would like,
  your system to have at the end.
* A discussion of the technologies you could use, pros and cons, and an initial
  choice on which technologies you will use.
* How your group will use the Scrum methodology to organise your work. You should 
  have held your first Scrum meeting before submitting this deliverable, and should
  reflect on it, and have plans for your next one.
* How you will interact with other groups.
* An initial set of user-stories and backlog.
* A brief overview of your plan for the rest of the 1st semester.

These points should include (where appropriate) discussion of HCI, software 
engineering, Agile and Scrum.

Each section of the submission should have a named individual lead author (use
your matriculation number for this in the document), who takes responsibility
for editing the text of that section and ensuring that it complies with Good
Academic Practice.

## Marking for Deliverable 1

Each student should submit a shared report representing the work of the whole
group along with a short (1/2 page max) individual report, briefly discussing
who did what, and any special circumstances.

This deliverable will be marked using the following mark descriptors:

* **0-6** Little evidence of a plan, or discussion of the project.
* **7-10** A report containing a reasonable attempt at making a plan, with no
  discussion of Scrum or trade-offs
* **11-13** A competent report addressing most of the requirements above, with
  list of major project objectives and some discussion of Scrum
* **14-16** A good report, a good set of user stories covering the project, a
  discussion of possible implementation techniques, and evidence of previous
  application of Scrum and a discussion of how it will be used in future.
* **17-18** An excellent report with a high-quality high-level plan for the
  project, a discussion of problems which could arise, and a view of how the
  project will evolve, including Scrum.
* **19-20** An exceptional report, covering all previous points and including
  significant extension suggestions for the project as a whole

## Lateness

The standard penalty for late submission applies (Scheme B: 1 mark per 8 hour
period, or part thereof):
<http://info.cs.st-andrews.ac.uk/student-handbook/learning-teaching/assessment.html#lateness-penalties>
